Diversity is a resource that enriches us culturally and intellectually. Thank you for making this space harassment-free and inclusive to all members of the group and outside colleagues. If you have concerns, if you do not feel safe or are made to feel unwelcome in this research environment, please come talk to the DSI faculty (Austin or Federica) or the DSI administrator (Andrea Trungold). If you see instances of ill-natured interactions please come talk to us. Keep in mind that faculty, including Austin and Federica, are mandatory reporter according to Title IX (and here) while Andrea can offer confidentiality. There are many additional resources at UDel if you wish to employ independent reporting channels; please see this list of resources.

The following Code of Conduct applies to all interactions of members of my research group, online and offline, including social media, mailing lists, forums, meetings, conferences, and one-to-one interactions.

All members of the group should be treated with respect regardless of personal attributes, including but not limited to: race, ethnicity, gender or gender identity, physical appearance, physical abilities, religious beliefs, political affiliation or opinions, sexual preference, caregiver status, age, nationality, language.

Harassment, verbal or physical, are not tolerated. Keep in mind that what is acceptable to one person may not be acceptable to another.

Bullying, including physical bullying, exclusion, marginalization, disparagement, or intimidation, is not tolerated.

All members of the group are empowered to request that an undesirable behavior is dismissed.

All members are expected to immediately stop any behavior inconsistent with the Code of Conduct regardless of original intent.

This Code of Conduct supplements, and does not overwrite, the Codes of Conduct that you are bind to in your role at UDel. For example here is the UDel students' CoC

Group Interactions and meeting conduct:
This should be a safe, supportive, collaborative environment so a positive, respectful, supportive attitude is expected from all group participants to assure we maintain and foster a learning environment that leads to rigor, excellence, and happiness. This includes:

be mindful of cultural norms. Make sure you know how your teammates want to be addressed (e.g. ask their preferred pronoun). Do not interrupt your colleague while they are speaking, do not speak over colleague and be aware and respectful of the natural volume of their voice. Be respectful of individual communication skills and fluency in the common languages we speak.

be available, within reason, to share knowledge and do so respectfully. Never make a teammate feel bad for not knowing something you already know. It is not your role to assess your colleague’ efforts or knowledge. If you feel like supporting a colleague is getting in the way of your productivity in the group bring this concern to me directly.

be conscientious and value your colleague’s time when asking for help. Make sure you have done your share of weight lifting: you have reviewed the resources available to the group and looked around for answers when applicable. Prepare yourself to receive help: be prepared to ask clear questions and to be able to show and demonstrate the issues you are having. Your teammates should not be struggling to understand what your problem is (this includes having access to the computers where you are running your codes if the question is technical/computational, and being able to reproduce errors and behaviors for which you seek help).

Here is an excellent example of social rules that foster collaborative environments from the Recourse Center.

